# 25. of August
"That's way too early!", that was said the evening before. I mean it's true that getting up at 10:00 is just absurd... So we got up at 10:00 and were getting ready to walk to the escape-room. There I was locked into a cage and later eaten by a witch because my teammates all sucked. After that we got home and ate some food ourselfs.
Then we went to play some tennis at which I actually (because my oppenent sucked) didn't loose :). It wasn't that exciting otherwise.
After dinner I came up with the brilliant idea of speedsolving a task. If I think about it now, the Idea sucked. Anyway: We started and you could literally smell the tension in the room. Everyone rushed to implement their solution as fast as possible. Pretty soon my code was passing 2 out of 3 sample cases. That is not enough though. That's where the disaster begins. Soon the youngest competing coder had their correct solution submitted. Thankfully the others where struggling just as me. Now the game was between me and Lukas. After way to long he finished as well so I was the last one. If you think that I couldn't be far from a working solution either, you're totally wrong. The reality ended up being that another youngster implemented two solutions for the problem I was trying to solve in a fraction of the time I already spent. Thankfully I called Lukas for help and because he is definitly one of the best coders I know (except tomorrow) he could find my bug really quick. Like that we were all finally able to go to sleep.